feat(plugins/catalog): added custom sort on createLabelColumn (#24078)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/slow-cows-worry.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-catalog': minor
> ---
> 
> added custom sort on createLabelColumn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': patch
---

Fixed sorting of columns created with `CatalogTable.columns.createLabelColumn`.
```

Brought it down to patch since this is a fix rather than a new feature. Also reworded to be a bit more oriented towards integrator/end user impact.
